Dutchroll Open Source Software License Version 1.0 - May 9, 2002

Copyright © 2002 Dutchroll Software, The Netherlands.
(Dutchroll Software is a trademark of M.O. Rauw.)

Please read this License carefully before downloading or using this
Software. By downloading or using this Software, you are agreeing to be
bound by the terms of this License. If you do not or cannot agree to the
terms of this License, please do not download or use this Software.

Permission is granted to copy and distribute verbatim copies of this
License, but changing or adding to it in any way is not permitted, with the
exception of the optional bracketed clause in section 13, which may ONLY be
modified under the conditions listed in that section itself. Notice that
section 13 in its entirety forms an integral part of this License!


0. Preamble.

The Dutchroll Open Source Software License (DOSSL) provides a simple and
consistent license that allows relatively unrestricted use and
redistribution of Computer Software ("Software") while still maintaining the
author's credit and intent. To preserve simplicity, the License does not
specify in detail how or where the author should be credited. To preserve
consistency, changes to the DOSSL are not allowed and all derivatives of
Software released under the DOSSL are required to remain under the DOSSL.
Together, these constraints enable third parties to easily and safely reuse
Software released under this License, making the DOSSL ideal for Software
authors who desire a wide distribution of their work. However, this means
the DOSSL does not allow authors to restrict precisely how their work is
used or represented, making it inappropriate for those desiring more
finely-grained control.


1. General; Definitions.

This License applies to any Software that contains a notice placed by the
Copyright Holder stating that it is subject to the terms of this Dutchroll
Open Source Software License version 1.0 (or subsequent version thereof)
("License"). As used in this License:

1.1 "Copyright Holder" means the original author(s) of the Software or other
owner(s) of the copyright in the Software.

1.2 "Derivative Work" means a work which is based upon pre-existing
Software, such as a revision, modification, translation, abridgment,
condensation, expansion, or any other form in which such pre-existing
Software may be recast, transformed, or adapted.

1.3 "You" or "Your" means an individual or a legal entity exercising rights
under this License.

1.4 "Source Code" means the preferred machine-readable form of the Software
for making modifications to it. "Complete Source Code" means all the Source
Code for all modules in the Software, plus any associated interface
definition files, plus the scripts used to control compilation and
installation of the executable code.


2. Basic License.

Subject to all the terms and conditions of this License, You may use, copy,
modify, distribute and publish the Software and your Derivative Works
thereof, in any medium physical or electronic, commercially or
non-commercially; provided that (a) all copyright notices in the Software
are preserved, (b) an unmodified copy of this License is included in a
conspicuous location in all copies such that it would be reasonably viewed
by the recipient of the Software, and (c) You add no other terms or
conditions to those of this License.


3. Derivative Works.

All Derivative Works are subject to the terms of this License. You may copy
and distribute a Derivative Work of the Software under the conditions of
Section 2 above, provided that You release the Derivative Work under the
exact, verbatim terms of this License (i.e., the Derivative Work is licensed
as "Software" under the terms of this License). In addition, Derivative
Works of the Software must meet the following requirements:

(a) All copyright and license-notices in the original Software must be
preserved.

(b) An appropriate copyright notice for your Derivative Work must be added
adjacent to the other copyright notices.

(c) If You have modified the Software to create a Derivative Work, You must
cause the modified files of this Derivative Work to carry prominent notices
stating that You have modified the Software, your name (preferrably
including your email address, if any), and the date and purpose of any
change. Alternatively, these changes may be described in a separate document
or file, as long as this document or file is (i) clearly and prominently
referenced from the modified files of the Derivative Work and (ii)
distributed together with the Complete Source Code of the Derivative Work.

(d) If it is not reasonably evident to a recipient of your Derivative Work
that the Derivative Work is subject to the terms of this License, a
statement indicating such fact must be included in the same place as your
copyright notice.

(e) When a Derivative Work is released under this License, a non-exclusive,
royalty-free right is granted to the initial developer of the Software to
distribute your modification in future versions of the Software, provided
such versions remain available under these terms in addition to any other
license(s) of the initial developer.

(f) You may develop application programs, reusable components, and other
software items that link with the Software. Within the framework of this
License, these items must be treated as Derivative Works, unless

   (i)   they are new works under copyright law, and
   (ii)  they do not modify the Software or its function in any way, and
   (iii) they do not contain any derivative of any portion of the Software.

(g) As a special exception, You may also distribute all items that link with
the Software and form a Derivative Work according to section 3(f) above
under the terms of version 2 and any later version of the GNU General Public
License (GPL), provided that

   (i)   You ensure that all recipients of these works are also able to
         receive the complete original Software by means of a medium
         customarily used for software interchange, without any charge
         beyond the costs of data transfer, and place prominent notices
         in the distribution explaining this, and
   (ii)  You give prominent notice with each copy of the work that the
         Software is used in it and that the Software and its use are
         covered by the terms of this License, and
   (iii) a copy of this License document is included in a conspicuous
         location in all copies such that it would be reasonably viewed
         by the recipients of the Derivative Work.


4. Machine-executable forms of the Software.

You may distribute machine-executable forms of the Software, provided that
you meet the following restrictions:

(a) You must include this License document in the distribution.

(b) You must ensure that all recipients of the machine-executable forms of
the Software are also able to receive the complete corresponding
machine-readable Source Code by means of a medium customarily used for
software interchange, without any charge beyond the costs of data transfer,
and place prominent notices in the distribution explaining this.


5. Software that interacts with users through a computer network.

If the Software is intended to interact with users through a computer
network You must ensure that all users are also able to receive the complete
corresponding machine-readable Source Code by means of a medium custorarily
used for software interchange, without any charge beyond the costs of data
transfer, and present a prominent notice to the users explaining this.


6. Combination with Independent Works.

You may combine the Software or its Derivative Works with other separate and
independent software, documents, or works to create a single combined work
("Collection"). If included in a Collection, the Software or Derivative Work
thereof must still be provided under the terms of this License, and the
Collection shall contain (a) a notice specifying the inclusion of the
Software and/or Derivative Work and the fact that it is subject to the terms
of this License, and (b) a verbatim copy of this License.

Mere aggregation of Software or a Derivative Work with other software or
works on the same storage or distribution medium (e.g. a CD-ROM) will not
cause this License to apply to those other works.


7. NO WARRANTY.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
AND THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND/OR
CONDITIONS WITH RESPECT TO THE SOFTWARE, EITHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR
STATUTORY, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND/OR
CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, OF SATISFACTORY QUALITY, OF FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OF ACCURACY, OF QUIET ENJOYMENT, AND OF NONINFRINGEMENT
OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF
THE SOFTWARE IS WITH YOU. SHOULD ANY PART OF THE SOFTWARE PROVE DEFECTIVE IN
ANY RESPECT, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR, OR
CORRECTION.


8. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.

UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER BE LIABLE FOR ANY
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR
RELATING TO THIS LICENSE OR YOUR USE, REPRODUCTION, MODIFICATION,
DISTRIBUTION AND/OR PUBLICATION OF THE SOFTWARE, OR ANY PORTION THEREOF,
WHETHER UNDER A THEORY OF CONTRACT, WARRANTY, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE),
STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER HAS BEEN ADVISED
OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES AND NOTWITHSTANDING THE FAILURE OF
ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY REMEDY.


9. Trademarks.

This License does not grant any rights to use any names, trademarks, service
marks or logos of the Copyright Holder (collectively "Marks") and no such
Marks may be used to endorse or promote works or products derived from the
Software without the prior written permission of the Copyright Holder.


10. Versions of the License.

Dutchroll Software may publish revised and/or new versions of this License
from time to time. Such new versions will be similar in spirit to the
present version, but may differ in detail to address new problems or
concerns. Each version will be given a distinguishing version number. If the
copyright notice in the Software specifies a version number of this License
which applies to it and "any subsequent version", You have the option of
following the terms and conditions either of that version or of any later
version published by Dutchroll Software. If the copyright notice does not
specify a version number of this License, You may choose any version of this
License ever published by Dutchroll Software. If the copyright notice
specifies a specific version of the License, only that particular version
will be applicable to the Software and Derivative Works based on it. No one
other than Dutchroll Software has the right to modify the terms applicable
to Software created under this License.


11. Termination.

This License and the rights granted hereunder will terminate automatically
if You fail to comply with any of its terms. Upon termination, You must
immediately stop any further reproduction, modification, public display,
distribution and publication of the Software and Derivative Works. However,
all sublicenses to the Software and Derivative Works which have been
properly granted prior to termination shall survive any termination of this
License. Provisions which, by their nature, must remain in effect beyond the
termination of this License shall survive, including but not limited to
Sections 6, 7, 8, 10, 11, and 12.


12. Waiver; Severability.

Failure by the Copyright Holder to enforce any provision of this License
will not be deemed a waiver of future enforcement of that or any other
provision. If for any reason a court of competent jurisdiction finds any
provision of this License, or portion thereof, to be unenforceable, that
provision of the License will be enforced to the maximum extent permissible
so as to effect the economic benefits and intent of the parties, and the
remainder of this License will continue in full force and effect.


13. Choice of Law.

The following bracketed clause may be modified by the Copyright Holder if
desired:

[
   This License shall be governed by the laws of the Kingdom of The
Netherlands.
   Disputes shall be settled by a Dutch court with appropriate jurisdiction.
]

No one other than the Copyright Holder may modify the bracketed part in this
section. This may be done only to choose a more appropriate law and/or
authority to settle disputes, or to delete this clause altogether. The
bracketed part of this section may not be used to add any other terms or
conditions to the License.


-- end of license terms --